In this course, you
were introduced
to the foundations
of web development.
Let's do a brief recap
of what you covered.
Module 1 was get started
with web development.
In this first module,
you learned about the
different types of
web developers and the roles
and responsibilities
of front-end,
back-end, and
full-stack developers.
You gained knowledge about the
core technologies of HTML,
CSS, and JavaScript, and
explored the concept of
how the Internet works.
The module also
featured an example to
show what a day in the life
of a web developer is like.
Next, you learned more about
webpages, web servers,
and web browsers,
and how they all
work together to create
what we call the Internet.
You covered what happens when
you send a request to look for
something online and how
that information
gets back to you.
Then you were introduced to
core Internet technologies
and how they interact.
You explore some web
browser tools that you
can use to help you
code more efficiently.
Finally, you learned
what an IDE is
and how it can help you speed
up your work to write code.
An introduction to HTML
and CSS followed Module 2.
In Module 2, you learned
about HTML and CSS.
In HTML, you discovered how
to create an HTML document,
use simple HTML tags
and linked documents
to create a website.
Then you learned about the
Document Object Model or DOM,
and how it's used to display
the content that you
see on your device.
In addition, you covered
techniques to improve
web accessibility
and some assistive
technologies available to
provide universal
access to the Internet.
Next, you learned how to
use CSS to style webpages.
You explored how to
select and style
elements and use text, color,
and alignment to make
the web pages you
create look great and offer
a great user experience.
You then use your new
HTML and CSS skills
together to create a webpage.
In Module 3, you learned how
to use the Bootstrap
framework to build
responsive interfaces
and got to know
the benefits of working
with UI Frameworks.
First, you were introduced
to the concept of
responsive design and
working with libraries.
Then you learned how
to get started with
the Bootstrap library
and how to use
Bootstrap styles
and you explored
some alternative UI
frameworks and libraries.
Finally, you were introduced to
the JavaScript library react.
You learned why
it was created by
meta-engineers and how it
works at a high level.
You then briefly explored
the virtual DOM
component hierarchy
and some alternatives to react.
Well done on completing
this course recap.
Now it's time to
put into practice
all that you've learned
in the graded assessment.
Are you ready to edit your
biographical webpage?
Good luck.